README.md, before:

# Cookiecutter for KiCAD Projects

Powered by [Cookiecutter](https://cookiecutter.readthedocs.io/en/latest/), Cookiecutter KiCad generates boilerplate for production-ready [KiCad](https://www.kicad.org) projects.

See the [Project Documentation](https://madeinoz67.github.io/cookiecutter-kicad/) for more details.

## Features

The project you create from this template has a few features to be aware of
including:

- [x] Kicad v5.x supported.
- [ ] Kicad v6.x supported.
- [x] A [KiCAD](https://www.kicad.org/) project structure to get you going.
- [x] A project document structure to get you going using [Mkdocs-Materials](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/) that automatically publishes to the projects github.io site on release
- [ ] Automated asset generation that incorporates into the documentation build, e.g. BOM, 3D Board Images.
- [ ] Implements a CICD pipeline for Hardware and Firmware testing and release management.
- [x] [Pipenv](https://pipenv.pypa.io/en/latest/) Python Virtual Environment for KiCAD python plugins.

## Usage

Let's pretend you want to create a hardware widget called "some widget". Rather than manually 
creating the project directory structures and the documentation, get cookiecutter to do all the work.

First, get Cookiecutter:

``` bash
pip install "cookiecutter>=1.4.0"`
```

Now run it against this repo:

``` bash
cookiecutter https://github.com/madeinoz67/cookiecutter-kicad
```

You'll be prompted for some values. Provide them, then a project structure will be created for you.

Warning: After this point, change 'Fred Smith', 'fsmith', etc to your own
information.

Answer the prompts with your own desired options. For example:

``` bash
Cloning into 'cookiecutter-kicad'...
remote: Counting objects: 550, done.
remote: Compressing objects: 100% (310/310), done.
remote: Total 550 (delta 283), reused 479 (delta 222)
Receiving objects: 100% (550/550), 127.66 KiB | 58 KiB/s, done.
Resolving deltas: 100% (283/283), done.
project_name [my-kicad-project]: some widget 
project_github_repo_name [repo-name]: some-widget
project_description [This is my Kicad Project]: A hardware widget based on an ESP32
author_name [my_name]: Fred Smith
author_email [my_email@somewhere.com]: fsmith@somewhere.com
Select license:
1 - CC-A-SA
2 - CC-A
3 - MIT
4 - BSD
5 - OSHD
6 - TAPR
7 - CERN-OHL-P
Choose from 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 [1]:
github_user [my_github_user]: fsmith
```

Enter the project and take a look around:

``` bash
cd some-widget/
ls -a
```

Create a git repo and push it there:

``` bash
git init
git add .
git commit -m "initial project commit"
git remote add origin git@github.com:fsmith/wireless-widget.git
git push -u origin master
```

## Open KiCad and open the project

If you have performed the steps above, you should now be able to open KiCad and open the new project.

## Resources

Would you like to learn more?  Check out the links below!

* [Cookiecutter Project
  Documentation](https://cookiecutter.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
* [Cookiecutter: Project Templates Made
  Easy](https://www.pydanny.com/cookie-project-templates-made-easy.html)
* [KiCAD](https://www.kicad.org)
* [mkdocs-materials](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/)
* [pipenv](https://pipenv.pypa.io/en/latest/)

## Author

This program was created by [Stephen Eaton](https://github.com/madeinoz67).

This project is [hosted on GitHub](https://github.com/madeinoz67/cookiecutter-kicad). Please feel free to submit pull requests.

## License

Copyright © 2021 Stephen Eaton. This program is released under the GPLv3 license, which you can find in the file [LICENSE](LICENSE).

Commit message:

update workflows within template
update workflows within template

updates to template

updates to template

Updated documentation on how to add google analytics

adds mermaid diagram

fixed typo
adds pr template in project template

disabled rendering of PR template for project template

README.md, after:

# Cookiecutter for KiCAD Projects

Powered by [Cookiecutter](https://cookiecutter.readthedocs.io/en/latest/), Cookiecutter KiCad generates boilerplate for production-ready [KiCad](https://www.kicad.org) projects.

See the [Project Documentation](https://madeinoz67.github.io/cookiecutter-kicad/) for more details.

## Features

The project you create from this template has a few features to be aware of
including:

- [x] Kicad v5.x supported.
- [ ] Kicad v6.x supported.
- [x] A [KiCAD](https://www.kicad.org/) project structure to get you going.
- [x] A starting project document structure using [Mkdocs-Materials](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/) that automatically publishes to the projects github.io pages site on release. Inspiration for the document structure is based on the <https://hutscape.com/pine/> by Sayanee Basu <https://github.com/sayanee> and her great YouTube video around hardware documentation <https://youtu.be/uPitFGqjyPU>.
- [x] Automated Release and Changelog management.
- [ ] Automated asset generation that incorporates into the documentation build, e.g. BOM, Schematics, PCB, 3D Board Images.
- [ ] CICD pipeline for Hardware and Firmware testing.
- [x] [Pipenv](https://pipenv.pypa.io/en/latest/) Python Virtual Environment for KiCAD python plugins.
- [x] [mermaid](https://mermaid-js.github.io/mermaid/#/) diagrams using markdown syntax.
- [ ] [wavedrom](https://github.com/wavedrom/wavedrom) waveform diagrams using markdown syntax.

## Usage

Let's pretend you want to create a hardware widget called "some widget". Rather than manually 
creating the project directory structures and the documentation, get cookiecutter to do all the work.

First, get Cookiecutter:

``` bash
pip install "cookiecutter>=1.4.0"`
```

Now run it against this repo:

``` bash
cookiecutter https://github.com/madeinoz67/cookiecutter-kicad
```

You'll be prompted for some values. Provide them, then a project structure will be created for you.

Warning: After this point, change 'Fred Smith', 'fsmith', etc to your own
information.

Answer the prompts with your own desired options. For example:

``` bash
Cloning into 'cookiecutter-kicad'...
remote: Counting objects: 550, done.
remote: Compressing objects: 100% (310/310), done.
remote: Total 550 (delta 283), reused 479 (delta 222)
Receiving objects: 100% (550/550), 127.66 KiB | 58 KiB/s, done.
Resolving deltas: 100% (283/283), done.
project_name [my-kicad-project]: some widget 
project_github_repo_name [repo-name]: some-widget
project_description [This is my Kicad Project]: A hardware widget based on an ESP32
author_name [my_name]: Fred Smith
author_email [my_email@somewhere.com]: fsmith@somewhere.com
Select license:
1 - CC-A-SA
2 - CC-A
3 - MIT
4 - BSD
5 - OSHD
6 - TAPR
7 - CERN-OHL-P
Choose from 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 [1]:
github_user [my_github_user]: fsmith
```

Enter the project and take a look around:

``` bash
cd some-widget/
ls -a
```

Create a git repo and push it there:

``` bash
git init
git add .
git commit -m "initial project commit"
git remote add origin git@github.com:fsmith/wireless-widget.git
git push -u origin master
```

## Open KiCad and open the project

If you have performed the steps above, you should now be able to open KiCad and open the new project.

## Resources

Would you like to learn more?  Check out the links below!

* [Cookiecutter Project
  Documentation](https://cookiecutter.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
* [Cookiecutter: Project Templates Made
  Easy](https://www.pydanny.com/cookie-project-templates-made-easy.html)
* [KiCAD](https://www.kicad.org)
* [mkdocs-materials](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/)
* [pipenv](https://pipenv.pypa.io/en/latest/)

## Author

This program was created by [Stephen Eaton](https://github.com/madeinoz67).

This project is [hosted on GitHub](https://github.com/madeinoz67/cookiecutter-kicad). Please feel free to submit pull requests.

## License

Copyright © 2021 Stephen Eaton. This program is released under the GPLv3 license, which you can find in the file [LICENSE](LICENSE).
